Update trait examples to use smithy-trait-package plugin (#103)
smithy-lang/smithy-examples: custom-trait-examples/custom-trait-handwritten/README.md

# Custom, handwritten trait

> Use this package to create a customizable [trait](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/model.html#traits) package. This

Reviewer: customizable? I think 
```suggestion
Use this package to create custom [traits](https://smithy.io/2.0/spec/model.html#traits). This
```

package will include both generated Java trait definitions and a handwritten Java trait definition.

## Building
To build this package run the following from the root of the package:

```console
./gradlew clean build
```

This will generate a `build` directory containing the build artifacts generated by
gradle. The generated JAR file that should be used by downstream consumers can be
found at `build/libs/custom-trait-handwritten.jar`

## Customization

> To customize this package, start by updating the `settings.gradle.kts` file and update

Reviewer: We are already talking about "custom traits". I find the use of "customization" confusing here.
